3-7


{
"trackMod": "3-7",
"moduleName": "How to Be The Gold Star Creator",
"titles": ["7.1 - The Importance of Professional Communication","7.2 - Campaign Reports (ROI & KPIs)","7.3 - What to Do If Your Campaign Doesn’t Perform Well","7.4 - Scheduling and Organizing Ads & Remaining True to Your Sponsored Content","7.5 - Successful & Unsuccessful Sponsored Post Examples"],
"links": ["aDYavWqTSGE","t9xHHa610vA","n9Xe-pkyExE","ghJNjwLeCxk","fjKBXsM_hug"],
"copy": ["In this lesson, we are going to be discussing the importance of professional communication. The biggest complaint that we hear from brands, is that creators are terrible at responding to emails and communicating with the marketing team. It is very important to be as transparent with clients as possible so that you can get repeat business. By the end of this lesson, you should understand ways to stay professional with clients and be a gold start creator.","In this lesson, we are going to be going over how to create a campaign report. ROI stands for return on investment, and KPI stands for key performance indicator. These are two things that brands will look for, and are ways that you can increase the budget of a campaign. By the end of this lesson, you should understand how to create an effective campaign report for clients.","In this lesson, we are going to be discussing what to do when your campaign doesn’t perform well. It is going to happen at some point, and the biggest thing to take away from this is to over deliver to the brand. By the end of this lesson, you should understand different strategies to stay a gold star creator, even if the ad does not perform as well as you had hoped.","In this lesson, we are going to be covering how we stay organized used Asana. Asana is our favorite way to stay organized for us and our team, but there are multiple other platforms that you can use as well. Staying organized early is the best way thing you can do to help make your business successful in the long term. By the end of this lesson, you should understand the different steps that we take to stay organized and stay true to your brand.","In this lesson, we are going over our most successful and least successful brand collaborations. These different partnerships were a mix of bad performance on the brand side, and/or bad performance on our end. Whether a piece of content performs well, or performs awful, it is important to look at the video and try to understand why it performed that way. By the end of this lesson, you should understand key metrics to look at to understand how your videos performed."],
"resources": ["Track 3 Workbook","Track 3 Workbook","Track 3 Workbook","Track 3 Workbook","Track 3 Workbook"],
"time": ["10:11","6:26","6:00","9:19","19:34"]
}



"7.1 - The Importance of Professional Communication"
"7.2 - Campaign Reports (ROI & KPIs)"
"7.3 - What to Do If Your Campaign Doesn’t Perform Well"
"7.4 - Scheduling and Organizing Ads & Remaining True to Your Sponsored Content"
"7.5 - Successful & Unsuccessful Sponsored Post Examples"